https://codepen.io/crayburn18/pen/OJbamyx?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Tags that provide meaning

    2. What is HTML used for?
    displaying content on a webpage 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is something you put in the opening tag of an element to provide additional info 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The main title for a page used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag, img tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    meta tags as well as title tag

    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute meant to be unique

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element can have an id 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that can be used more than once 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element can have a class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as you want 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    "target="blank""

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    accesibility as well as something to show up if the image does not load

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic a div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to add style to html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is unique a class is not ex: one might create a box class and use the it to format multiple elements , where as an id might be assigned to something like a blog post

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    when you select an element that is child to a specific parent say for when you give each of your sections a class name and want to select all the <p> elements in that section
    .class p{

    }

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector with a pseudo class attached to it which gives a special state to the selected elements

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;    
    }  

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    universal selector "*"

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    look at the last file listed after the ~ symbol

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm, incase you select the wrong file

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because not all programs have a GUI 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or when a task is completed

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    create your own repo w fork/ clone repo and use CLI to clone it in the location you want/ create a branch/ switch to branch/ push changes back to repo in the new branch/ create pull request/ if working with others have them review it and merge to main branch if all is good
    